[FIX,DOC] fix typos and missing solution in tutorials (#831)
seqan/seqan3: doc/tutorial/ranges/index.md

## The bitcompressed vector

> If you followed the alphabet tutorial closely, you will know that seqan3::dna4 needs only two bits to represent it's state.

Reviewer: I am not sure what you are changing here, but if you touch this line, please replace "it's" with "its"

Author: I did not change anything there but can fix the typo.

However, single objects are always at least a byte (eight bits) big in C++.
To store sequences of small alphabets more space-efficiently, we have developed seqan3::bitcompressed_vector.

Open the API documentation of seqan3::bitcompressed_vector, display the inheritance diagram and read through the
interface overview and the detailed description.

\assignment{Exercise: The bitcompressed vector}
Create a small program that asks the user for a size and then creates a vector of seqan3::dna4 of that size.
Add an argument parser flag that allows the user to decide whether std::vector or seqan3::bitcompressed_vector is used.
After creating the vector, print its size.

Measure and compare the amount of main memory that your program uses depending on the vector implementation.

> On Unix based systems use `/usr/bin/time -v <program> <args>` and look for "Maximum resident set size".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Linux based systems use `/usr/bin/time -v <program> <args>` and look for "Maximum resident set size".
```

The other unix based system are macOS and BSD and they are different as documented below.

(Not to be confused with the built-in Bash time command! So use the full path `/usr/bin/time`)

> On MacOS/BSD use `/usr/bin/time -l <program> <args>`, looking for "maximum resident set size".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On macOS and *BSD use `/usr/bin/time -l <program> <args>` and look for "maximum resident set size".
```

> \note This command diplays the peak memory usage and only gives you a first impression. You can use valgrind if you want to have a more detailed analysis of your memory consumption.

Reviewer: AFAIK  tracking the resident set size with this method is quite accurate in the range that we are interested in. OTOH I am not sure how helpful the valgrind comment is. If you want to keep it, please mention massif and create a link to the documentation!
